# Week Review

## Accomplishments:
- [x] Integrate Travis CI in a github project. -DevOps
 - I create a skeleton nods project generate from Yeomon to accomplish this item. Integration with TravisCI through github is fairly straightforward.
 - When beginning to approach this task I started to investigate the best way to create a NodeJS template I came across site generators. This seemed like the best way to get the template up and running.
- [x] Investigate requirements and training options for AWS cert
 - Added information on the certification in a separate file. I wasn't able to find any specific training for this certification so I will hold off on this certification until there is more information on completing the cert.
- [x] Investigate requirements and training options for Bluemix cert
 - IBM provides internal employees a few guides for the certification and even a discount. I'm going to pursue this one forward and create tasks to work towards getting certified.
- [x] Search for Angular.JS training.
    - Found a good video training on Angular that has 55 lectures

 - AWS, Bluehost, Github

- [x] Any good books on DevOps?
 - Added a list of books to read in 2016.

## Additional items:
- [x] Added a new theme and updated homepage for github page

## Things I didn't get to:
- [ ] Develop web app template using Node.js. -JS skills
 - When beginning to approach this task I started to investigate the best way to create a NodeJS template I came across site generators. This seemed like the best way to get the template up and running.
- [ ] Setup Docker on local machine. -DevOps
- [ ] Investigate cloud cert hq hosting options.

## Week in Review:
This is my first week entering in the review. I found having a task list to achieve my goals kept me on track and always knowing what to work on next. I think there is a lot of room for improvement on how I'm executing those tasks. I was able to complete 4 of my tasks this week which has given me a head start on 2016. Looking forward to trying to keep up with these weekly breakdown of goals. 
