# Year Review
##  2016-12-31

## Goals
1. Get more familiar with DevOps (CI/CD) methods and tools
2. Microservices Architecture
3. Work more with AngularJS and Vanilla.js
4. Improve JS skills
5. Cloud Technologies (AWS and/or Bluemix). Potential certifications to better understand the technologies and how they fit in DevOps.
6. Build more things

## Year in Review:
I spent some time keeping up with my goals and a good portion letting the weeks fly by without working on any of my goals. Looking at the overall goals for 2016 I think I hit a good number of the items:
 - Get more familiar with DevOps (CI/CD) methods and tools
  - I was able to contribute at work to our CI/CD pipeline using TravisCI, BlueMix, Kubernetes with services like PagerDuty and NewRelic.
 - Microservices Architecture
  - I understand a lot more after this year of the dependencies and issue this creates. I ran into a number of issues where this architecture causes more problems as some of the microservices and more downtime and designing for zero data doesn't resolve problems for the whole application.
 - Work more with AngularJS and Vanilla.js
  - I took an Angular course from Udemy earlier this year and learned how to work in that framework. Shortly after that course my team moved to ReactJS and it seems to be gaining a lot of popularity with the ability to make components and build off of those. Going forward I will continue to better understand ReactJS.
 -  Improve JS skills
  - I spent the year working mainly as a front-end developer in JS and have improved through my daya-to-day work.
 -  Cloud Technologies (AWS and/or Bluemix)
  - Earlier this year I received a certification for Bluemix application developer. I also need to recertify for my AWS certs, I tried to study for the Professional cert but it would require a lot more hands on experience than I get in my current position.
 - Build more things
  - I didn't do too much of this although I have a few ideas. The ability to execute has been the least item I was able to do on my goals.
