# Week Review

## 2016-01-25
### Focus - Bluemix training, exam prep and patent

## Accomplishments:
- [x] Start Bluemix certification course (Cloud tech)
 - Currently up to 50%. The course isn't polished but has good structure. Will probably need to take the IBM certification prep in addition to this one. Is it taking me a little longer to get through this course since it is hard to understand the speaker at 2x speed.
- [x] Post patent disclosure for review (Build things)
 - Posted the disclosure on my internal company site, looking forward to going through the process.
- [x] Reach out to cloud exam local proctor (Cloud tech)
 - Reached out to three people now and no one has said they can proctor. I was able to determine the dates that on-sight exams are provided and sent a request to sign up for next month.

## Additional items:
- [x] Update Github page 404
- [x] Add list of posts for github page
- [x] Signed up for certification exam on February 24.

## Things I didn't get to / things to focus on in the future:
- [ ] Complete two chapters in Continuous Delivery (DevOps)
- [ ] Review Bluemix practice exam (Cloud tech)
- [ ] Add angular to Node.js template (Angular);
- [ ] Develop layout for business page (JS Skills & Angular)

## Week in Review:
Feels good to complete all the tasks I setup for the week. One was difficult to get started but once I started it wasn't too hard too bad to complete. I was surprised I was able to complete the whole course for IBM Bluemix but it was shorter than I initially thought. Looking forward to keeping up the momentum.  I didn't get to a number of tasks by the end of the week but I think I got a lot accomplished but completing them turned out to be too much with a busy work week.   
