# Week Review

## 2016-01-03
### Focus: Get a rhythm to move forward on goals

## Accomplishments:
- [x] Develop web app template using Node.js. (JS skills)
 - Created a template using express-generator and added a few plugins.
- [x] Start training on Node.js course (JS skills)
 - Worked through 90% of the training this week. Got a lot more done than I thought. Plan to finish it up in the following week.
- [x] Start reading one of the book in the 2016 list (DevOps)
 - I chose to start reading `Continuous Delivery: Reliable Software Releases through Build, Test, and Deployment Automation` Since this book seemed most complete with the overall DevOps information that I was looking for.
- [x] Develop plan to accomplish IBM bluemix cert. (Cloud Tech)
 - I posted a file that breakdown the time and tasks I believe I need to do to become proficient in IBM's cloud platform to pass the certification. Now I need to determine when to start the training for it. I read on Self Study bootcamp that I should plan 3 weeks of 6-8 hours self-study per week for preparation.

## Additional items:

## Things I didn't get to / things to focus on i the future:
 - [ ] Determine when to start cloud certification preparation.
 - [ ] Setup Docker on local machine. (DevOps)

## Week in Review:
For the first full week of 2016 I was able to check off a number of items on my list just because I have listed out a plan for the week and focusing on the high level goals. I was surprised how much I was able to complete the Node.js course since it is 91 lectures. It will take many more weeks before I can say this process will form as a habit or get me closer to my goals. 
