# Week Review

## 2016-01-10
### Focus - DevOps and JS, continue the momentum.

## Accomplishments:
- [x] Complete training on Node.js course (JS skills)
 - Completed the Node.js course which brought a lot of clarity to my current knowledge using Node.js.
- [x] Start training on Angular.js course (JS skills)
 - So far I'm at about 70% completed. I haven't used Angular.js in the past before but through the training I like how similar it is to my previous experience in using View Models. Seems a little more straight forward than React.js that I currently use on my project. It gets me interested to understand what some of the new functionality will be released in Angular.js 2.0
- [x] Complete two chapters in Continuous Delivery (DevOps)
 - It is a pretty in depth book on the topic. GOignt o  try to keep up the two chapters a week pace. 
- [x] Determine training options for Docker (DevOps)
 - I used to look think that the best way to get knowledge on a new technology was to find a good book that explains it all from beginner to expert. That was probably true back in the early 2000s since there were limited options for training. Now there are tons of resources online (some free) that will get you up to speed. I have found that I'm someone who has to do to learn and have had success doing that through training videos. I
- [x] Determine when to start cloud certification preparation (Cloud Tech)
  - After some thought I think the best time to start is now. I'm never really sure if pursing a certification is worth it but the knowledge gained will help me in my goal to better understand and use cloud technologies.
- [x] Update timeline on Github page
  - I added a basic timeline to my github page (incremental improvements).

## Additional items:
- [x] Update timeline on Github page
- [x] Was able to get a Bluemix Cloud Certification course for free, need to determine when to take it.
- [ ] Take a cut and writing a disclosure for IBM
- [ ] Sign up for React.js course

## Things I didn't get to / things to focus on in the future:
- [ ] Setup Docker on local machine (DevOps)
 - This has been on my things to do for the last few weeks and I haven't gotten to it not because I'm not interested but in the list of priorities I want to accomplish so far it is lower. So I'm moving this task to future items.

## Week in Review:
